We don't meet people by accident. They are meant to cross our path for a reason.
The most valuable real estate is the space you occupy in other people's heart.
Peace of mind is a beautiful gift, which only we can give overselves, by expecting nothing, even after doing everything..
Forgiveness should start with oneself. Until we are able to forgive ourselves, we will not be able to forgive others.
Love reclaims. Love transforms. Sermons or lectures do not touch the hearts of the people; the power of love does.
Being at peace is the ultimate position of power.
Smiles are fat-free sugar-free & tax-free reduces blood pressure Helps relieve pain & depression. Require no batteries Absolutly free of cost So keep SMILING..
Peace is accepting today, releasing yesterday, and giving up the need to control tomorrow.
It time tp work on your mind! Don't let past situations replay in your mind. Let go of the negative feelings and graduges.
When we close the doors that shut out the past, we will ensure that the ship of life sails smoothly ahead!
Worry is a total waste of time. It doesn't change anything. All it does is steal your joy and keeps you very busy doing nothing.
When life gives you LIMES, rearrange the letters until they say SMILE.
No matter what Dark clouds come into your life, God can lift you above the storm.
Your level of peace is directly related to your level of TRUST in GOD. The more you TRUST GOD, The more peace you will experience.
TRUST is like a paper, once it's crumpled it can't be perfect AGAIN.
Keep a tight security on the gate of your mind so that only positive thoghts are allowed to enter & only word of wisdom are allowed to exit.
A simple formula for a happy life. Never try to defeat 'ANYONE' Just try to win 'EVERYONE' Don't laugh 'AT' anyone But laugh 'WITH' everyone.
You know you've made the right decision when there is peace in your heart.
FORGIVENESS is FREEDOM Freedom to be who you are.
Life is a circle of happiness, sadness, hard times and good times. If you are going through hard times have faith that good times are on the way.
Never doubt the power of prayer. One small prayer can change your life forever.
The choice I make today will determine what I will be tomorrow.
Try not to take things personally, what people often say is a reflection of them not you...
Discussion are always better than arguments, because an argument is to find out who is right, and a discussion is to find what is right.
If you would be truly happy, love one another. Meet hatred with love and forgiveness.
In a war og Ego The looser always wins
Life is a trip. The only problem is that it doesn't come with a map.
We have to search our own routes to reach our destination.
Our minds should be clean and uncluttered. It is only then that We can hope to be happy.
We take a few seconds to hurt someone, but sometimes we take years to say SORRY. I take this opportunity to ask your forgiveness, if I have hurt you knowingly or unknowingly.
Let your wings of forgiveness. Flutter and take you into a garden where the flowers of peace blossom.
God's LOVE is like an ocean you can see it's beginning but not it's end.
Never search your happiness in others, it will make you feel alone. But search in yourself, you will feel happy even if you are alone.
Focus on how you want to feel in every area of your life and start doing activities that create those desired feelings.
Forgiveness does not overlook the dead. It rises above it.
God opens doors that no one can close. So look forward and trust in Him!
Life is the most difficult exam. Many people fail as they try to copy others without realising that everyone has a different question paper. Enjoy your unique life in the best way!
Life is beautiful! This day this hour, this minute will note come again. Avoid fights and speak sweetly to every person.
The person who holds a grudge hurts himself more than the one against whom the grugdr is held.
If you want PEACE OF MIND stop fighting with your thoughts.
Stop trying to fit in, you were born to stand out.
Two princilpes for a happy life: Use things, not people. Love people, not things.
God always leads us to where we need to be, not where we want to be.
Peace cannot be kept by force, it can only be achieved by understanding.
The shortcut to world peace is through love, compassion, the spirit of caring and sharing, and service.
remember when you forgive, you heal. When you let go, you grow.
Rain drops may be small. But their continuous fall can make a river overflow. So also, small and consistent efforts can make a massive change in life.
NEVER allow waiting to become a HABIT. LIVR your dreams.
If you want to fly... you have to give up the things that weigh you down.
The best cure for the body is a 'Quiet Mind' and the best cure for mind is 'Never Mind'.
Life is a one time offer use it well.
Life becomes sweet in the measure in which we understand others.
Every positive thought is a silent prayer which will change your life.
Control your anger, Alter your thoughts and Delete the memory of the past.
Sometimes GOD soesn't change your situation Because he is trying to change your HEART.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal. Not a people or things.
Happiness is not measured by the amount of money you have. It is measured by the wonderful people in your life.
Sometimes the best reaction is not to react at all.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Forgive him who wrongs you; join him who cuts you off; do good to him who does evil to you.
This is an open universe. We cannot get away with anything. Therefore let us be careful to see that there is no evil in our thoughts and actions.
Worry is like a swing. Though you keep moving, you reach nowhere!
Rivers never go reverse so try to live like a river, forget the past and FOCUS ON THE FUTURE.
Kindness makes you the most beautiful person in the world, no matter what you look like.
Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.
Action is the key to success. Take a simple step towards your dreams today.
Its not stress that kills us, it is our REACTION to it.
Forgiveness does not erase the pains of the past but it will open up a road to a brighter future.
God is like OXYGEN. You can't see him, but you can't LIVE without him.
Light up your heart and soul with the lamp of selfless love!
A Solution for every Problem A light for every Shadow A plan for every Tomorrow A Joy for every Sorrow.
Nothing can dim the light which shines from within.
You have to find what sparks a light in you so that you in your own way can illuminate the world.
happiness is letting go of what you think your life is supposed to look like and celebrating it for everything that it is.
Collect the material treasures by all means but don't forget your richest treasure is your peace of mind.
Never hesitate to pour out your heart to God. In your days of troble, you will find that prayer is the shortest route between your heart and God's heart.
as you start and end the day, be thankful for every little thing in your life.
Change your thoughts and you can change your karma. Change your karma and you will change the conditions in which you live.
Don't worry about people who don't like you. Enjoy the ones who love you.
Be a writer of your life and reader of your mind. The more you know yourself, the les you need approval of others.
Take care of your thoughts when you are alone and Take care of your words when you are with people.
peace of mind is a beautiful gift which we can give ourselves, by expecting nothing even after doing everything.
When you fix your thoughts on God, God fixes your thoughts.
Love and fault-finding never go together. The more you love, the less you judge.
The best portion of a good man's life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.
Life isn't about pleasing everyone, it's about hurting no one.
We can't change what's going on around us, until, we start changing what's going on within us.
God's plan is perfect; and whatever happens is for the best. There can be no mistakes in God's plan.
make compassion the cotton, contentment the thread, modestry the knot and truth the twist. This is the sacred thread of the soul.
Remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing. be special, be different, just be yourself.
A child asked God: If everything is already written in destiny, then why should I wish? God smiled and said: May be on some pages I have written "As you wish".
life becomes sweet in the measure in which we understand others.
The Heart is a very good fertilizer; anything we plant-love,hate, fear, hope,revenge,surely grows and bears fruit. We have to decide what to harvest.
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
The mind is like a parachute. It works well when it is open.
Every positive thought is a silent prayer which will change your life.
Always do the best you can for whoever is around you because tomorrow either THEY MAY BE GONE or YOU MAY BE GONE.
Don't compare your life to others. There is no comparison between the Sun and the Moon. They shine when it's their time.
When you're tempted to lose patience with someone, think how patient God has been with you all the time.
Happiness is not determined by what's happening around you, but rather what's happening inside you.
smile is like electicity and life is like a battery. Whenever you smile the battery gets charged and a beautiful day is activated.
blessed is the person who beholds rainbows in thunderstroms. Such a one is never discouraged!
A relationship does not need a cute voice and a lovely face. It just needs a beautiful heart and unbreakable trust.
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them and they bless you, the giver.
Use your voice for kindness, your ears for compassion, your hands for charity, your mind for truth and your heart for love.
See the one life in all creation, and give love to all!
Good people are like street lights along the roads. They don't make the distance short but they light up the path and make the walk easy and safe.
Prayers and Seeds are similar in nature. They have nothing within, but they have the potential to Create Everything.
never wait for a perfect moment; just take a moment & make it perfect.
Forgive him who wrongs you; join him who cuts you off; do good to him who does evil to you; and speak the truth even if it be against yourself.
Keep calm and stay strong.
Keep calm and believe in dreams.
Stay Calm, take a breath and reload.
Keep calm and pass the weed on.
Keep Calm and never stop dreaming.
Keep it simple, keep it honest, keep it real.
Remember to keep the mind calm in difficult moments.
Happy, calm children learn best. 
Keep cool; anger is not an argument. 
Best way to deal with haters: Keep calm and stay classy!
They sicken of the calm who know the storm. 
Keep cool and you will command everyone. 
After a storm comes a calm. 
Calmness is the cradle of power. 
Whoever's calm and sensible is insane! 
Lie down on the floor and keep calm. 
Remain calm in every situation because peace equals power. 
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm. 
Keep calm, stay strong and make them wonder how you're still smiling.
The world belongs to the Enthusiast who keeps cool. 
It's calm under the waves in the blue of my oblivion.
Because you want to keep an air of calm and cool. 
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil.
Keep a cool surface. Calm. Detached. As inside a part of you has been shattered.
The peace within can calm every stormy waves. 
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm. 
Being jealous is not worth it. Therefore, keep calm & call Batman.
If something good fades away, something better is on the way. Keep calm and be patient!
Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health. 
Do not allow yourself to be aggravated by someone's anger. Stay calm. 
Keep calm. Don't let your feeling controlled your heart. Think carefully.
If something does go wrong, here is my advice'KEEP CALM and CARRY ON. 
A man of calm is like a shady tree. People who need shelter come to it. 
A samurai must remain calm at all times even in the face of danger. 
Keep Calm Because Pain makes you stronger. Fear makes you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense.
There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy. 
God is working on your problem. Stay calm. Stay sweet. Stay out of fear and keep on keeping on. 
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil. 
Those who seek peace above all else, they say, will always deceive to keep the water calm. 
coins always make a sound but the currency notes are always silent,So when ur value increases, keep yourself calm and silent.
Whoever's calm and sensible is insane!
Calmness is the cradle of power. 
Do not learn how to react. Learn how to respond. 
Keep Calm because Life's too short to stress over people who don't deserve to be an issue.
They sicken of the calm who know the storm.
Keep calm, stay strong and make them wonder how you're still smiling.
Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health.
Keep cool; anger is not an argument. 
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. 
Keep cool and you will command everyone. 
Do not ever get agitated by provoking thoughts and actions. Always keep your calm. This will shame the alien. 
Keep calm and turn it off and on again.
Keep Calm Because Pain makes you stronger, fear makes you braver and eartbreak makes you wiser. 
A samurai must remain calm at all times even in the face of danger. 
Keep calm and believe in dreams.
The world belongs to the Enthusiast who keeps cool. 
Keep calm. You have the forest in your blood.
Choose to be optimistic. It feels better. 
Keep calm you can count on me.
I always teach myself calm and visualization stuff. 
You are the sky. Everything else ' it's just the weather.
The ideal of calm exists in a sitting cat. 
Many a calm river begins as a turbulent waterfall, yet none hurtles and foams all the way to the sea. 
Patience is the calm acceptance that things can happen in a different order than the one you have in mind. 
Doomed are the hotheads! Unhappy are they who lose their cool and are too proud to say, 'I'm sorry.' 
It's calm under the waves in the blue of my oblivion. 
Feelings are just visitors, let them come and go. 
Keep calm and believe in yourself 'only'. 
The storm before the calm. 
Keep calm it's pay day tomorrow.
You arrive at a village, and in this calm environment, one starts to hear echo. 
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm. 
Everything we do is infused with the energy with which we do it. If we're frantic, life will be frantic. If we're peaceful, life will be peaceful. 
Relax, Just be and be just.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm. 
The pink sunset reminds me of her, and the calm water matches the calm that images of her bring to my heart.
Remain calm, serene, always in command of yourself. You will then find out how easy it is to get along. 
I believe a calm dog is a happy, obedient dog that won't get into trouble. 
Keep calm and grow magic pomegranates.
I long for the countryside. That's where I get my calm and tranquillity ' from being able to come and find a spot of green.  
Keep calm and you might just turn out to be the hero.
The one who had the power to calm the elements of the earth has power to calm our sols. 
Be like a duck. Calm on the surface, but always paddling like the dickens underneath.
Panic causes tunnel vision. Calm acceptance of danger allows us to more easily assess the situation and see the options. 
I inherited that calm from my father, who was a farmer. You sow, you wait for good or bad weather, you harvest, but working is something you always need to do.
The only order in the universe is just a cycle of calm and chaos. 
I don't think that architecture is only about shelter, is only about a very simple enclosure. It should be able to excite you, to calm you, to make you think. 
There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy. 
When the expected occurred, never panic, by keep calming, you gain control over the situation. 
Raise your words, not your voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.One minute of patience, ten years of peace.
It is better to have a hen tomorrow than an egg today.
Patience is a conquering virtue.
You must first have a lot of patience to learn to have patience.
Patience is also a form of action.
Always show patience, don't turn away it will make life worthwhile tomorrow and today.
He who rides the sea of the Nile must have sails woven of patience.
An impatient person plays differently than a more patient person.
Patience is the ability to count down before you blast off.
Patience is something you admire in the driver behind you and scorn in the one ahead.
Patience can't be acquired overnight. It is just like building up a muscle. Every day you need to work on it.
The test of good manners is to be patient with the bad ones.
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience
Patience ensures victory.
Patience is poultice for all wounds.
Heaven grant us patience with a man in love.
Wise to resolve, and patient to perform.
I am extraordinarily patient, provided I get my own way in the end.
One moment of patience may ward off great disaster. One moment of impatience may ruin a whole life
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.
Inspirational Be Patience Quotes for life.
Patience is the key to paradise.
Come what may, all bad fortune is to be conquered by endurance.With love and patience, nothing is impossible.
Doing interesting work when nobody notices takes patience and belief.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it.
Our patience will achieve more than our force.
Patience is not simply the ability to wait ' it's how we behave while we're waiting.
Patience makes a women beautiful in middle age.
Only those who have patience to do simple things perfectly ever acquire the skill to do difficult things easily.
Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
The two hardest tests on the spiritual road are the patience to wait for the right moment and the courage not to be disappointed with what we encounter.
He that can have patience can have what he will.
Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
He that can have patience can have what he will.
There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient.
How poor are they that have not patience! What wound did ever heal but by degrees?
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
The strongest of all warriors are these two ' Time and Patience.
Best Sayings about Patience and How to Keep Clam.
It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patienceSometimes your light shines so bright that it blinds people from seeing who you really are.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
I used to think how lucky she was to have me, but now I realize that's backwards. 
A spirit of gratitude yields patience, love, and forgiveness.
You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance.
Patience is necessary, and one cannot reap immediately where one has sown.
Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty.
Have patience with all things, But, first of all with yourself.Waiting and hoping is a hard thing to do when you've already been waiting and hoping for almost as long as you can bear it.
He who can have patience can have what he will.
If you would know strength and patience, welcome the company of trees.
Patience is a virtue, and I'm learning patience. It's a tough lesson.
The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it.
We have no patience with other people's vanity because it is offensive to our own.
I can bench press steam, but not fog. I just have to wait until the fog lifts itself.
There's no advantage to hurrying through life.
Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy.
Infinite patience brings immediate results.
Best Lines about having patience quotes for better life.
Patience: A minor form of despair disguised as a virtue.
Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious.
The bigger the dam of patience, the worse the flood when the dam breaks.
Persistence. Perfection. Patience. Power. Prioritize your passion. It keeps you sane.
Why is patience so important? Because it makes us pay attention.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words ' wait and hope.
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
Patience and wisdom walk hand in hand, like two one-armed lovers.
Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience.
Sometimes things aren't clear right away. That's where you need to be patient and persevere and see where things lead.
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
A man who is a master of patience is master of everything else.
Beware the fury of a patient man.
Good character is not formed in a week or a month. It is created little by little, day by day. Protracted and patient effort is needed to develop good character.
Patience is the art of hoping.
Who ever is out of patience is out of possession of their soul.
Find patience or it will never find you.
Everybody going to be dead one day, just give them time.
Make your ego porous. Will is of little importance, complaining is nothing, fame is nothing. Openness, patience, receptivity, solitude is everything.
Patience is the support of weakness; impatience the ruin of strength.
I'm the dude with cool attitude.
Silence is the best response to a fool.
When I die, I want my grave to offer free Wifi so that people visit more often.
My life my rules.
Just saw the most smartest person when I was in front of the mirror.
I love food and sleep. If I give you a bit of food or text you all night, that means something.
I don't care what people think or say about me'
Please don't get confused between my my attitude and personality!
Diets are hard because I get hungry.
If I delete your number, you're basically deleted from my life.
Dear Math, please grow up and solve your own problems, I'm tired of solving them for you.
Be yourself. everyone else is already taken.
If life is not smiling at you, give it a good tickling.
I changed my password everywhere to 'incorrect.' That way when I forget it, it always reminds me.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
It's very difficult to be great. Losers prove this point continuously.
Everyday is a second chance.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Do not give up, the beginning is always the hardest.
I'm cool but Summer made me hot!Totally available!! Please disturb me!
Life is journey. I am traveler.
Life must go on.
I'm jealous my parents, I'll never have a kid as cool as theirs.
Always trying to cool myself.
Some people need to open their small minds instead of their big mouths.
I do not get drunk ' I get awesome.
A jealous woman does better research than FBI.
I will win, not immediately but definitely.
Some people are alive only because it's illegal to kill them.
Warning!!! I know KARATE and few other oriental words.
Not all men are fools, some stay bachelor.Friends come and go, but enemies remain and build up.
AwesoME ends with ME and Ugly starts with You.
I'm cool but Summer made me hot!
I don't need to explain myself because, I know I'm right.Keep calm and enjoy life.
I got less but I got best!
Always trying to cool my sel
Nowadays, 'Cool' means- 'I really don' care.'
You hate drama? Cool. Stop starting it.
It's my life so keep your nose out of it'
I love haters, they keep me motivated.
Turn your problem into profit.
The only reason I am fat is because a tiny body couldn't store all this personality.
Get as rude as possible and don't let anyone tell you how to live
Life is like Facebook. People will like your problems & comment on them but no one's gonna solve them because everyone is busy in updating their.
It's funny how people say they miss you, but don't even make an effort to see you.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Get up every morning, imagine a future then make it happen.
Keep calm and stay strong.
Keep calm and believe in dreams.
Stay Calm, take a breath and reload.
Keep calm and pass the weed on.
Keep Calm and never stop dreaming.
Keep it simple, keep it honest, keep it real.
Happy, calm children learn best. ' Daniel Goleman
Keep cool; anger is not an argument. ' Daniel Webster
Best way to deal with haters: Keep calm and stay classy!
They sicken of the calm who know the storm. 
Remember to keep the mind calm in difficult moments. 
Keep cool and you will command everyone. 
After a storm comes a calm. 
Calmness is the cradle of power. 
Whoever's calm and sensible is insane! 
Lie down on the floor and keep calm. 
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm. 
Keep calm, stay strong and make them wonder how you're still smiling.
The world belongs to the Enthusiast who keeps cool. 
It's calm under the waves in the blue of my oblivion. 
Because you want to keep an air of calm and cool. 
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil. 
Keep a cool surface. Calm. Detached. As inside a part of you has been shattered. 
The peace within can calm every stormy waves. 
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm. 
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense.
There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy. 
God is working on your problem. Stay calm. Stay sweet. Stay out of fear and keep on keeping on. 
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil. 
Those who seek peace above all else, they say, will always deceive to keep the water calm. 
Coins always make a sound but the currency notes are always silent,So when ur value increases, keep yourself calm and silent.
Silence is a source of great strength. 
There was a brief silence. I think I heard snow falling. 
A fool is known by his speech; and a wise man by silence. 
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom. 
I think 99 times and find nothing. I stop thinking, swim in silence, and the truth comes to me. 
If I could I would always work in silence and obscurity, and let my efforts be known by their results. 
All I insist on, and nothing else, is that you should show the whole world that you are not afraid. Be silent, if you choose; but when it is necessary, speak ' and speak in such a way that people will remember it. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
I decided it is better to scream. Silence is the real crime against humanity. 
I've begun to realize that you can listen to silence and learn from it. It has a quality and a dimension all its own.
Silence is true wisdom's best reply. 
Time and silence are the most luxurious things today. 
Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn whatever state I am in, therin to be content. 
Saying nothing sometimes says the most. 
I, schooled in misery, know many purifying rites, and I know where speech is proper and where silence. 
In human intercourse the tragedy begins, not when there is misunderstanding about words, but when silence is not understood. 
In the silence behind what can be heard lies the answers we have been searching for for so long. 
Silence is so freaking loud. 
There is something terribly wrong with a culture inebriated by noise and gregariousness. 
The tree of silence bears the fruit of peace. UnknownSilence is sometimes the best answer. 
Within us is the soul of the whole, the wise silence, the universal beauty, the eternal One. 
I think the first virtue is to restrain the tongue; he approaches nearest to gods who knows how to be silent, even though he is in the right. 
Don't waste words on people deserve your silence. Sometimes the most powerful thing you can say is nothing at all. Mandy HaleIf there were a little more silence, if we all kept quiet'maybe we could understand something. Federico Fellini
The human heart has hidden treasures, in secret kept, in silence sealed; the thoughts, the hopes, the dreams, the pleasures, whose charms were broken if revealed. 
Silence speaks when words can't. 
The world's continual breathing is what we hear and call silence. 
In silence there is eloquence. Stop weaving and see how the pattern improves. 
Now all my teachers are dead except silence. 
Talk, talk, talk: the utter and heartbreaking stupidity of words. 
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly. 
The good and the wise lead quiet lives. Euripides (This is one of my favorite quote. Leave a reply here and let me know what's yours!)Silence is a true friend who never betrays. Confucius Click to tweet
As far as I'm concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue. 
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. 
Silence is the wit of fools. 
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence. 
Without great solitude no serious work is possible. 
Speak only if it improves upon the silence. 
I often regret that I have spoken; never that I have been silent. 
The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause. 
The truth hurts, but silence kills. 
Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance or my kindness for weakness. Compassion and tolerance are not a sign of weakness, but a sign of strength. 
The music is not in the notes, but in the silence between. 
As we must account for every idle word, so must we account for every idle silence. 
Three hundred years of humiliation, abuse and deprivation cannot be expected to find voice in a whisper. 
Silence is golden when you can't think of a good answer. Muhammad Ali Click to tweet
Silence is the ultimate weapon of power. 
If you face God in prayer and silence, God will speak to you. Then you will know that you are nothing. It is only when you realize your nothingness, your emptiness, that God can fill you with Himself. Souls of prayer are souls of great silence. Mother Teresa
It is not easy to keep silent when silence is a lie. 
Silence is argument carried out by other means. 
You have a grand gift for silence, Watson. It makes you quite invaluable as a companion. 
Experience teaches us that silence terrifies people the most. 
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces frightens me. 
All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone. 
Silence is the perfectest herald of joy. I were but little happy if I could say how much. 
Let us be silent, that we may hear the whispers of the gods. 
I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude. We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers. Henry David Thoreau
Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves together. 
A sage thing is timely silence, and better than any speech. 
Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence. 
We need silence to be able to touch souls. 
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind. 
Silence is more eloquent than words. 
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.

